#https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/J%27zargo_(Skyrim)
Other mages may claim to be as good at magic as J'zargo, but they cannot be as charming as he. Thus, J'zargo always comes out on top.
Khajiit are not known as mages, so J'zargo has much to prove.
I hear you found some... thing in Saarthal. You think it will help J'zargo become powerful mage?
J'zargo has heard of the Staff of Magnus. When you are done with it, perhaps J'zargo can borrow it.
J'zargo has heard much about the Staff of Magnus. Maybe, J'zargo could borrow it when you are done?
J'zargo expected to be named Arch-Mage, but there is still time.
Skyrim could not be more different from Elsweyr. But magic... Magic is the same, no matter where you go.
The what of what? No. No idea. If it is important, maybe Tolfdir knows. He seems to know a lot.
Khajiit guards your back.
May you walk on warm sands.
These sands are cold, but Khajiit feels warmness from your presence.
Do you think there's treasure here? Something to make J'zargo a powerful wizard?
Oh, yes. J'zargo hopes to find things that will make him a more powerful mage here. Hopefully small things that fit inside pockets, and will not be noticed if they are missing.
Are the Arch-Mage's robes as comfortable as J'zargo believes them to be?
J'zargo regrets that there was no chance to speak with the Psijic Monk.
Can you... Can you possibly help J'zargo?
It is difficult to admit, but J'zargo could still use some help.
J'zargo is eager to hear how the scrolls are working.
J'zargo is awaiting word on how well the scrolls work.
Ah. No, that was not supposed to happen. But... J'zargo is pleased to see that you are here, and not in pieces!
You're taking us somewhere warm, I trust?
J'zargo is ready for more adventure.
J'zargo only has so much room to carry things.
If anyone sneaks up on us, I will smell them coming. Or I might not. We'll see.
Something smells foul.
By the Twin Moons!
Ah! J'zargo feels like he just woke from a nap.
Here, right here? Very well, J'zargo shall wait.
J'zargo can learn magic from these men and elves, but they cannot learn to be as dashing as he. J'zargo comes out on top.
By the Twin Moons! A Dwarven city. It is incredible how this still stands after thousands of years.
The old Nords sure did love their stonework.
Let's hope there's gold in here.
We have found a cave. I don't think there are warm fires and friendly faces inside.
Really? J'zargo was having such fun. Ah, well. Back to the College then.
J'zargo is listening.
Even my claws feel sharper.
Khajiit will follow.
We follow, then.